chore: update README (#2097)
zama-ai/tfhe-rs: README.md

## Getting started

> [!Important]

> > **TFHE-rs** has now passed the v1.0.0 milestone, only the High Level API for the x86 CPU backend has been stabilized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!Important]
> **TFHE-rs** released its first production-ready version v1.0.0 in February 2025, stabilizing the high-level API for the x86 CPU backend.
```

```

> [!Note]
> Note: You need to use Rust version >= 1.84 to compile TFHE-rs.

> [!Note]

> > Note: aarch64-based machines are not supported for Windows as it's currently missing an entropy source to be able to seed the [CSPRNGs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cryptographically_secure_pseudorandom_number_generator) used in TFHE-rs.

Reviewer: Shoulnd't `aarch64-based` be written as `AArch64-based`?

Author: both can be acceptable, I'll update the capitalization
